Hellooo Webkeepers, Editors, Surfers and Chatters...

I'm happy to announce that a new version of the Shareware Winsock 
IRC Chat client mIRC (mIRC version 4.72) released. 

Files:
	MIRC472S.EXE     size 769024 bytes  The 16 bit mIRC issue
	MIRC472T.EXE     size 684032 bytes  The 32 bit mIRC issue
	MFAQ30HP.ZIP     size  85912 bytes  The mIRC FAQ (Help format)
	MIRCFQ30.ZIP     size  79279 bytes  The mIRC FAQ (Write format)

Short descriptor:
	Internet Relay Chat program. 
	The various parts of this client have been designed with the aim of
	simplifying and speeding an IRC session. mIRC offers an IRC client
	combining the user friendly window's interface with the colors of
	Macintosh clients and the best parts of the power of UNIX clients.
	mIRC is designed to offer the new user easy access to IRC and the
	experienced user enough power to play with.

	The 16 bits versions runs on win 3.1 and above on a (TCP/IP) Winsock.
	The 32 bits version needs Windows95 or Win3.1x with the win32s extentions.

What is new in version 4.72:
	The new version 4.72 offers fixes for the small amount but none the 
	less annoying buggies in version 4.7. These buggies only affected users 
	in very particular situations and most people never encountered them. 
	Fixed are the 'Windows Colors' option, the problems with control codes 
	in topics, some channel mode handling quirks, the use of long filenames 
	with spaces in the /run command and the problems with listing invalid ban 
	info. Also the use of custom identifiers has been made a lot more fail 
	proof, and wont allow you to end up in recursive loops anymore   :-)
	Besides the fixes also some new features are introduced. The Switchbar is 
	made more flexible by the new option to include DCC transfers, new routines 
	speed up its use and improve the 'look and feel'. The popup menu's can now 
	use variables as menu item names and several new identifiers are created and 
	new events are available.
	A massive amount of work done on this new version. If you're interested in 
	the full list of changes, please read the versions.txt file included with 
	mIRC, and study the mIRC help file. 

What was new in version 4.7:
	As any good program should, the new release of mIRC offers several 
	new things that extend and improve its use. The new mIRC has better
	scripting capabilities, lots of new and even custom identifiers and 
	other things to meet the wishes of the experienced users. Also the 
	new mIRC users will benefit from this new release by the improved 
	command handling, improved and fully automatic flood protection, 
	full support for color, bold, underline and reverse text effects, 
	new copy/paste routines, and lots more... 
	You will also love the new Switchbar! It enables a whole new view 
	on channel and query maintnance. And, especially users on exotic 
	winsocks will love the new tricks to retrieve your current IP 
	Address and Local Host name. This will solve the DCC problems some 
	people experienced and couldn't get solved in the past. 

Keywords: 
	Shareware, but not crippled at all!
	A powerful dynamic /help command. 
	Netscape, Mosaic and MS Internet Explorer support .... surf the www waves !! 
	An 'off you go' Toolbar.... and even Tooltips ! 
	A very handy Switchbar. 
	A user programmable menu bar. 
	A simple and smart CTCP commands and Events handler. 
	Support for wav and midi sound files. 
	Colored text to ease reading. 
	Simple, fully configurable aliases. 
	Configurable popup menus. 
	Full DCC Send/Get/Chat support. 
	Full configurable fonts, color and support of bold, underline and reverse text. 
	Built in Ident and Finger server. 
	A simple but powerful and safe built-in File server. 
	Programmable Function keys. 

Author:
	Khaled Mardam-Bey.

Usage environment: 
	IBM compatibles.
	Windows3.xx/Windows95/Win NT.
	Internet access (Winsock, Network or SLIP/PPP)

mIRC Homepages on:
	http://www.mirc.co.uk/index.html
	http://www.geocities.com/SiliconValey/park/6000/index.html
	http://www-2.nijenrode.nl/software/mirc/index.html
	http://www2.axi.net/mirc/index.html
	http://www.moc.kw/mirc/index.html

More info:
	mirc@dds.nl
