[ This is an unauthorized backup of the actual file, taken Jun 3 2003. ]

Last Updated: Wed Dec  4 16:03:39 MST 2002
This document obsoletes all older versions.

****** PLEASE NOTE ********
THE OFFICIAL SITE FOR THESE GUIDELINES IS:
ftp://ftp.blackened.com/pub/irc/new-server-guidelines
IF YOU DID NOT GET THIS FROM THE ABOVE LOCATION, PLEASE CHECK TO
MAKE SURE YOU HAVE THE MOST RECENT COPY.
There are many sites that are storing copies of this file that are 
not keeping their archive up to date.  The first line of this file
is changed every time a modification is made.
***************************

Below are the agreed-upon guidelines for linking new servers to the
United States' portion of the EFnet.  If, after reading these guidelines, 
you feel that the US EFnet routing committee should consider linking your
server, cut out the application at the bottom, respond to each
of the questions and email it to the US EFnet routing secretary
<efnet@the-project.org>.  If the site you want to link a server from
is in Canada or Europe, please contact the admins for your region of
the world.

	What the US EFnet routing board looks for when considering linking
	a new server:

	a) The IRC Server must be permitted and supported by the 
		administration of the machine and network that it
		is sitting on.

	b) The server administrators must be reasonably knowledgable
		about IRC and UNIX.  They should be willing and able
		to answer most user questions that they encounter
		regarding IRC.  Additionally, server administrators
		should be familiar with general internet topology.
		At the minimum, they should know how they normally
		reach each of the major backbones.

	c) The machine that the server is running on must be dedicated
		and adequate for the job.

		It should be dedicated for security reasons.  It is
		never a good idea to run a efnet ircd on the same
		machine that has multiple users.  Additionally, it
		should be dedicated for performance reasons.  The
		machine should be reasonably modern and should have
		128M of RAM at the very least.

		In general, the only services that should be running
		on the ircd box are core kernel services,
		sshd, and * xntpd.  It is suggested that the machine not
		have inetd running.

		(*) xntpd is not a requirement but clock synchronization
			is.  ntpdate run on a regular basis should
			suffice (at leastonce a day).

		The machine should be firewalled from outside logins,
		protected against common spoofing attacks, and the kernel
		must have sufficiently random TCP initial number 
		generation.

		The nameserver that the machine should be running
		a current secure version.  Information on which version
		of BIND is current and secure can be found at
		 http://www.isc.org/products/BIND/bind-security.html.
		The machine should be protected from ICMP "nuke"
		attacks -- ICMP unreachables and redirects should be
		filtered.  The network admins should be familiar with
		various denial of service attacks and should know
		how to minimize the effects of them. 

	d) Running a server requires that the rest of the IRC network
		put a lot of trust in you.  People who are known not to be
		trustworthy or who a history of not acting in the best 
		interests of the IRC networks will typically be denied
		server links.

	e) New servers will be L:lined - meaning that they cannot link
		in other servers until such a time as it is deemed that
		the server and its administration are ready for such
		a load and the server's network location would provide
		a well-placed hub server.

	f) New servers may not be compiled in debug mode and must have
		LOCAL_KILL_ONLY defined during the initial 45 day
		probational period.

	g) If the site requesting links has a policy allowing bots or
		other IRC automatons of the sort, they will typically
		be denied for links.  Additionally, if linked, the
		administration of that server should adopt and enforce
		a 'no-bot' policy.

	h) These days, a large EFnet client server can utilize
		a few hundred kbits/s, which is a large amount of bandwidth
		for most small ISPs.  Given that we need a few large
		client servers and fewer small 'local' servers, this
		should definitely be taken into consideration when
		a site is deciding whether they even want an EFnet server.

		EFnet IRC Servers should be on a network that is
		multihomed to with a minimum of two underutilized
		DS3s to at least two networks.  Cooperation from
		the uplink providers is an absolute necessity as
		EFnet IRC Servers tend to attract frequent Denial
		of Service attacks.  Some of these attacks can 
		cripple even the most robust and diverse networks.
		Routing on the network on which the IRC Server 
		resides should allow the server to fully utilize
		the multiple links and must not sit in an
		address space which would prevent the server from 
		failing over in the event of circuit problems.
		
	i) The server must have their bots/abuse policies clearly
		stated in the motd and contact information must be
		stated in the A:lines.  The server administration
		should be willing to take measures to minimize
		clonebotting by the use of connection limits
		in the I/Y lines and/or the use of tcms
		(monitor bots) or live operators.

	j) All new servers must run an ircd approved by the EFnet
		routing committee.  The two most popular versions
		are maintained by Chris Behrens ("CS") and the
		Hybrid team ("hybrid")

		Official sites for the above versions are:

	http://www.codestud.com/ircd/ircd-comstud/ 
			and
	ftp://ftp.blackened.com/pub/irc/hybrid

	
	k) Closed I:line servers must have an I:line contact.  There
		are *very* few sites on the net that can justify
		their own private EFnet server.  Chances are your
		site is not one of them.  As a result, you will be
		expected to offer service to sites that are close
		to you netwise.  This is only necessary if you are
		limiting your I:lines and intend to run a fairly
		closed server.  The I:line contact will be someone
		who has the ability to modify the ircd.conf to add
		I:lines.

	l) Last, but not least, there must be a need for a server 
		in your network location. 

	All new servers will be on a 45 day period during which
	time the server and administration will be watched closely.
	For the first 15 days, the server should be monitored VERY
	closely and any bugs/configuration changes should be made
	at this point.  Addionally, I:lines should be somewhat restricted.
	At the end of the initial 15 day period, the admin should
	open up the server a bit.  The server will be re-evaluated at
	the end of the 45 day probational period.

	Note that denied applicants will not have the privilege of
	reapplying for 6 months.  As such, it is in the applicant's
	best interest to do some homework on what applications have
	been approved in the past and which ones haven't and, more
	importantly, why they were approved or denied.


	Maintainer of this file: Matthew Ramsey <mjr@blackened.com>

----------  CUT

1.  Contact Info
1a.  Server Admin Name:
1b.  Server Admin Phone:
1c.  Server Admin Email:
1d.  Relationship to server hardware and network (ie: employee, co-lo,
     customer, student account, etc):
1e.  Sysadmin Contact:
1f.  Network Admin Contact:
1g.  Server Name:

2.  Connectivity
Please describe your connectivity to Sprintlink, AlterNet, C&W, and any
additional significant peering.  Please also include an IP address of
the server or at least a machine on the same hub/switch:

3.  Machine Info
3a.  Processor:
3b.  OS and Version:
3c.  RAM:
3d.  Who has access to run processes on the machine:
3e.  Describe how ICMP unreachables and redirects are filtered:
3f.  Please list nameservers that will be in resolv.conf,
     and specify the version of BIND that each runs:
3g.  What other services are running on the machine (ftp, www,
     smtp, pop3, imap, etc):

4.  IRCD Info
4a.  IRCD type and version:
4b.  Site IRCD obtained from:
4c.  Person resposible for compiling and upgrading ircd:

5.  Bot and Abuse Policies
Please detail your policies on Bots and Abusive users, and how you plan
to implement these policies:

6.  Initial Opers
Please list by name and common irc nicks the people who will have global O:
lines on you server when it goes online:

7.  The Essay Question
How will EFnet benefit from your server being linked?

8.  Traceroutes
Please include the output of traceroutes to the following sites.  Note
that many EFnet servers filter ICMP packets.  Run the traceroutes as
far as you can and make a note that they stopped before reaching the
destination.

a) irc.xo.com

b) irc..net

c) www.chartercom.com

d) irc.flamed.net

e) irc.secsup.uu.net


9) Who is your closest EFnet Hub admin ?  (server name and administrative
	contact)
 

------ CUT
